well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about a
couple of my inspirations
people whose style of communication
i consciously attempt to mimic on this
channel
and where i failed
where i failed to implement their style
and the reason i want to do that is
because
this movement of people global movement
of people
want deep systemic change want liberty
and justice for all want everybody
regardless of where they live or what
they look like to have a fair
shake we uh
almost all of us fell at this
we almost all fell at this and many of
us actually have slogans
demanding that we fail at this
the two people are thomas payne
and sophie shaw i've talked about both
of them in videos
the thing that they did their style and
i say their style they never met
they never met they separated by more
than 100 years but they used the same
tactics
the most important thing i think they
did was they tried to meet everybody
where they were
at they didn't use a lot of jargon they
didn't try to
use overly academic words to make
themselves seem more authoritative
you don't need a phd in philosophy
to understand right from wrong you don't
need to be an expert in geopolitics to
understand what's going on in the world
when you use that jargon you limit how
far that message can go
because it can only go to those people
who know the jargon
i think that was the most important
thing they did
the second most important thing they did
is something that i
don't do consciously and it's a failing
they framed their arguments
both philosophically and religiously
i don't do that for two reasons one it's
really hard it is incredibly hard
and two today we're so polarized
that if i did it there would be large
groups of people that would be like
i don't want to hear that i don't i just
don't want to hear that
and tune out immediately and it's fine
there's nothing wrong with that
especially given the platforms
and the wide range of communication
that is available today which religion
how are you going to frame it
you know we're as a movement we're very
inclusive
we wouldn't want to use one specific
religious framing because it might
alienate others
this all makes sense in a modern context
and it seemed like it was
insurmountable like it was a problem
that
there was no solution to but it always
bothered me
because when you make the conscious
decision
not to engage on that level
you are riding off that demographic of
people
because
they only have one group of people
who generally do not have their best
interest at heart
talking to them there's a reason
why in the united states that voting
block is pretty secure
because it's only the conservatives who
are talking to them
which is odd because in the united
states if you're talking about trying to
reach
the majority of religious people in the
u.s
you're talking about one figure you're
talking about one guy
who was progressive he was progressive
for the times
he's progressive today love thy neighbor
as thyself
look out for the stranger in your land
feed the poor and all that
does that sound like the gop of course
not
but that's who talks to him it's one of
the reasons i liked marianne williamson
so much because she had that spiritual
undertone
and could connect with that demographic
of people
who progressives generally never even
try to reach out to
because it's too hard it is too
hard and i couldn't come up
with a way to do it and then two things
happened
one you guys constantly kept telling me
that you send my videos to your racist
redneck uncles
and it makes sense i can connect on that
level
because of the way i look the way i
sound we speak the same language
makes complete sense and then about a
month ago
i saw a youtube thumbnail it's a priest
and there's writing on the thumbnail as
often times there is on youtube
the words that jumped out at me bose
rule 303
i will be honest when i clicked play i
felt like i was walking into the
principal's office
and i thought as it started playing that
man it would be great
if we had religious figures who would
talk about climate change talk about
toxic masculinity
talk about limiting beliefs or
encouraging
their followers to read other religious
texts
to help break down the divides
and as the video plays i listen to him
add two words to rule 303
he says if you have the means to help
you have the responsibility to help
and turn it into a sermon it was great
and then i went through his videos and
found everything i was just talking
about
his intro is really cool too he says
he makes a point of saying that
his parish sits on the unseated land of
the migmaw people
not what you would expect from a priest
not necessarily especially not in the
southern united states because they're
talking about climate change here
they're hoping it hurries up
they're looking forward to everything
going bad
and as i've listened to him over the
last month or so
i've realized that these people
who need that religious framing that
spiritual framing
they are no different than
the people who need somebody who looks
and sounds like me
sometimes it's not the message it's the
messenger
and this group of people this
demographic of people who we have left
behind
we've just said no we're we're not going
to try to reach them
because you know the conservatives
already have control over
that's a pretty bad stance for us to
take
would we willingly write off any other
demographic of people
probably not everybody can be reached
and most people want a better world
most people want that world where
everybody gets a fair shake
so maybe it's just the messenger
it might be good to have
some religious figures in your toolbox
so to speak to send to
your religious uncle
if i didn't mention his name his name is
ed trevors
again i understand that there are a
whole lot of people here
who aren't religious in any way and
that's fine
that's fine but
if you acknowledge the value in having
somebody who looks and sounds like me
say this you probably would acknowledge
the value
in having somebody who has a caller say
it too
because he can reach people that i can't
he can reach people that you probably
can't
for the same reasons they speak the same
language
share those similarities
it's something that we probably really
need to start
actively looking for
because those religious figures exist
those religious leaders who want that
better world
they exist they're out there we just
have to find them
help that message get out
use their message to
reach those who are right there
i mean if in the united states
especially
they want that moral framing they want
that
religious framing and it exists
in their text you just
have to find the people who aren't
trying to exploit them
to show them that it's already what they
believe
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day